Define field craft.
(a) field  craft is the art or skill that enables a cadet or a body of cadets to move through open and closed country with or without a weapon whether by day or by night with maximum efficiency.
(b)field  craft is only skill that enables a cadet or a body of cadets to move through only open country with a weapon only by day with maximum efficiency.
(c)field  craft is only an art of skill that enables a cadet or a body of cadets to move through only closed country without weapon only by by night with maximum efficiency.
a
When is a fire control order given?
(a) to maximize the amount of ammunition
(b) to minimize the amount of ammunition
(c) Neither of those.
b
What is dead ground? Dead ground is:
(a) the ground covered with dead bodies
(b) what the cadet can see from his position
(c) what the cadet cannot see from his position
c
When is a full fire control order given? It is given when:
(a) there is not enough time
(b) when there is enough time
(c) when there control over the riffles
b
What are the roles of an officer, Sgt and Cpl? 
(a) Officer - in charge of his platoon, Sgt - incharge of a section, Cpl - in charge of cadets
(b) Officer - in charge of cadets, Sgt - in charge of a platoon, Cpl - in charge of a section
(c) Officer - in charge of a section, Sgt - in charge of cadets, Cpl - in charge of a platoon
b
What is the safe distance when using blank ammunition ?
(a) 50m
(b) 55m
(c) 5m
a
What are the four duties of a sentry? To know:
(a) the enemy direction, when password changes, to not know the ground they watch, the flanking rank
(b) the alyy direction,the ground they watch, the flanking rank, the enemy direction
(c) the enemy direction, when the password changes, the ground they watch, the flanking rank
c
What is the third section in battle drill?
(a) prepare for battle
(b) enemy location
(c) attack
b
What are types of patrols and what are the compositions?
(a) standing protocol is composed of 1 NCO and 3 cadets, fighting patrol is composed of 2 NCOs and 9 cadets
(b) standing protocol is composed of 2 NCO and 9 cadets, fighting patrol is composed of 1 NCOs and 3 cadets
(c) None of the avove.
a
Sequence of a Fire Control order
(a) gang, range, target indication, type
(b)type, rank, gang, indication type
(c)group, range, indication of target?
c
What is a method of target identification
(a) Binoculars
(b) email
(c) Neither
a
What are the phases of attack?
(a) assault, approach, fight through
(b) fight through,approach, assault
(c) approach, assault, fight through
c
What is 4+2?
(a)7
(b)5
(c)6
c
